********************************************************************************
*             Ginga Ojousama Densetsu Yuna (Galaxy Fraulein Yuna)              *
*                     English Translation Patch Materials                      *
********************************************************************************

This package contains the source materials (code/art/script) for the English 
translation project for the PC-Engine CD game Ginga Ojousama Densetsu Yuna.

                    ****************************************
                    *          Build Instructions          *
                    ****************************************
                    
The build system is only set up for Unix-like systems, though none of the code 
is fundamentally dependent on this and could be ported with a bit of effort. 
You'll need GCC, libpng, and ImageMagick (the "convert" utility), as well as any 
dependencies of wla-dx.

You'll first need a disc image of Ginga Ojousama Densetsu Yuna for the PC-Engine 
CD. The Redump-verified image of the original release version of the full game 
is highly suggested, though other images may work if they're a close enough 
match.

  Redump name: Ginga Ojousama Densetsu Yuna
               ("Original" edition, serial HCD2031)
  CRC32:       e3a941bb
  MD5:         aacda3875c8bb1cbcf8769349f3738c8
  SHA-1:       a380e89fa45909b6a31790426a7c3bda26d20e58

The disc image must be in ISO+WAV+CUE format. If you need to convert from a 
different format, try using bchunk.

Once you have an ISO+WAV+CUE image, rename the files such that every track is 
named as "yuna_01.wav", "yuna_02.iso", and so on up through "yuna_10.iso". Copy 
these files into the "yuna" directory. Then:

$ cd yuna
$ ./build.sh

build.sh should then build all the necessary tools and output the translated ISO 
for track 2 as "yuna_02_build.iso". Use the provided "yuna_build_iso.cue" CUE 
sheet to run the built disc.

Note that translated game text is taken from yuna/script/script.csv, a raw CSV 
file. While this can be edited directly, it will probably be easier to instead 
work with yuna/script/script.ods, a formatted ODS spreadsheet version of the 
same content. Just run "convertscript.sh" before "build.sh" to convert the ODS 
into the CSV automatically (requires OpenOffice).

If you want to modify the project, check build.sh to see where the resources 
that get inserted into the game are coming from.

                    ****************************************
                    *              Licensing               *
                    ****************************************

See COPYING. Basically, everything by me (Supper) is GPLv3, and everything else
is under the terms of whoever wrote it.

                    ****************************************
                    *               Credits                *
                    ****************************************

                              Mafoo343 -- Translation
                                Supper -- Hacking
           Cargodin, Weedeater, Athena,
              Momochi, HeirTransparent,
            SilverLupin, TheMajinZenki -- Translation Support
            cccmar, Cargodin, Xanathis -- Testing

